this life is not in
I've made enemies powerful enemies put
those I love in danger but the one thing
that has haunted me my entire life is
finding the truth about my parents
you're a wanted man Peter Parker don't
believe what police are saying three
my dad has 500 officers looking for you
500 seems a bit excessive Wow
you know if you're gonna steal cars
don't dress like a cartoon you found my
weakness it's small knives
who are you
tell us a little bit about yourself
Parker
what is your father do Peter fine never
really knew my father my parents left I
was ready I'll meet her someday you
understand did you tell the boy about
his father dr. Claire's I wish your
partner's son if you want the truth
about your parents Peter come and get it
ready to play God there's been a
biological attacks on New York City
Peter secrets have a cost
I gotta stop him
do you think what happened to you Peter
was an accident he loved any idea
but you really are